[camera] MediaSettings parameter for createCameraWithSettings (#3586)
flutter/packages: packages/camera/camera/CHANGELOG.md

## 0.10.5+3

> * CameraPlatform.createCameraWithSettings to allow recorded video fps and bitrate control.

Reviewer: `CameraPlatform.createCameraWithSettings` isn't included in the app facing package. This should reference `CameraController.withSettings`. Something like: 

```suggestion
* Adds support to control video fps and bitrate. See `CameraController.withSettings`.
```

Author: Committed suggestion.

> ## 0.10.3+3

Author: incremented minor

> * CameraPlatfrom.createCameraWithSettings to allow recorded video fps and bitrate control.

Reviewer 2: Nit: "Adds `CameraPlatfrom.createCameraWithSettings` to ..."

or just "Allows recorded video..."

Author: Changed

## 0.10.4

> * Adds support to control video fps and bitrate.

Reviewer: nit: small merge mistake. This line should be removed.

Author: Removed
